# GhostFor3Months
My programming journey

Goal of this repo is to document and act as a journal

Recently the current company I was working at desolved due to lack of resources and proper management, while I have not been fired or quit, my senior architect leaving is a sign for me to job search, I have made a self-vow to go back to India and live under my dad's roof if I fail to find a job within the next 3 months, while that might be the fear factor, the true motivation is to challenge myself under a rigourous discipline while focusing on one singluar goal. To land a job

As of the current day, I have dropped out of COD while scraping barely by a 2.0 that being a mircale, I have the useless cloud practitioner certificate from amazon and that is all, no merits, no projects, no experience besides 2 months of work trying to setup a startup which ultimately was a failure. I do not have my farthers trust, I do not interact with any other family memebers, I barely see other humans besides the gym. All I have is the trust within myself.
Process :
My objective is to land a DevOps/Cloud internship or job by the end of this year, I will acheive that by using brilliant to improve my general IQ and problem solving skills, there are multiple math, science, CS and logic courses that I want to succeed in regardless of the correlation to my job, my entire life I have failed in these subjects so they will be a personal landmark to show that I have indeed changed, I too can be smart and worthy of living. I will be using codecademy as my main programming course, udemy as my main devOps training and books as a supplement to knowledge, motivation and entertainment all not diverting from the main goal, to get a job. 

My study list will be uploaded as a file and modified as a proceed, but for now my main tasks are to get double certified in AWS Developer and SysOps and attempt for the DevOps role, tho I suspect each certificate to take me a month each to complete, I am a different human right now so we shall see, to finish the Codecademy Computer Science course for my foundational skills and supplement what I might have missed in college, to finish the full-stack engineering for business, my goal is not to become a full-stack developer but it is vital to know the basics, regardless it is the same length and effort as the full-stack course. Besides this I will be practicing leetcode, finishing my brilliant course and reading devOps books to help me out. I vow to stick to the script the plan, no music, no friends, no enetertainment till I finish this objective, no porn, no drugs, no junk food. I am giving this my all, i CALL THIS gHODECEMB ERST FOR 3 MONTHS. I WILL HAVE A JOB BY december
